NMS-12373: Provisiond Docs Update (#3521)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/scalability.adoc

The scalability of a management system is defined by its capacity for managing large numbers of entities coupled with its efficiency of managing the entities.

Today, it is not uncommon for {page-component-title} deployments to find node entities with tens of thousands of physical interfaces being reported by SNMP agents due to virtualization (virtual hosts, interfaces, and/or networks).
A monitoring system must be capable of using the full capacity every resource of its computing platform as effectively as possible.
The days of writing scripts or single threaded applications no longer is sufficient to do the work required by a monitoring system at the scale of most networks today.

== Parallelization and non-blocking I/O

Squeezing out every ounce of power from a management system’s platform is absolutely required to complete all the work of a fully functional monitoring system such as {page-component-title}.
Fortunately, the hardware architecture of a modern computing platforms provides multiple CPUs with multiple cores having instruction sets that include support for atomic operations.

> Because of scalability demands of complex IT environments, multi-threaded monitoring solutions are now essential and this has fully exposed the complex issues of concurrency in software development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of scalability demands of complex IT environments, multi-threaded monitoring solutions are now essential. 
This has fully exposed the complex issues of concurrency in software development.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Because of scalability demands of complex IT environments, multi-threaded monitoring solutions are now essential.
```

OpenNMS has stepped up to this challenge with its concurrency strategy.

> This strategy is based on a technique that combines the efficiency of parallel (asynchronous) operations, traditionally used by most effectively by single threaded applications, with the power of a fully current, non-blocking, multi-threaded design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This strategy is based on a technique that combines the efficiency of parallel (asynchronous) operations, traditionally used most effectively by single-threaded applications, with the power of a fully current, non-blocking, multi-threaded design.
```

The non-blocking component of this concurrency strategy adds greater complexity, but gives {page-component-title} substantially increased scalability.

> NOTE: Java Runtimes, based on the Sun JVM, have provided implementations for processor-based atomic operations, and is the basis for {page-component-title}’s non-blocking concurrency algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Java Runtime, based on the Sun JVM, provides implementations for processor-based atomic operations, and are the basis for {page-component-title}’s non-blocking concurrency algorithms.
```
Not sure if there is a reason this was plural.

Author: There are multiple versions and flavors of Java available (Oracle, OpenJDK), but in modernizing this page, I don't think we lose anything by omitting this sentence.
```suggestion
```

</foreign-source>
----

=== Automatic rescanning

> The default foreign source defines a `scan-interval` of `1d`, which will cause all nodes in the requisition to be scanned daily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default foreign source defines a `scan-interval` of `1d`, which causes all nodes in the requisition to be scanned daily.
```

For example, to rescan every 6 days and 53 minutes, you would set the `scan-interval` to `6d 53m`.

Don't forget, for the new scan interval to take effect, you will need to import/synchronize the requisition one more time so that the change becomes active.

=== Disabling rescan

For a large number of devices, you may want to set the `scan-interval` to `0` to disable automatic rescan altogether.

> {page-component-title} will not attempt to rescan the nodes in the requisition unless you trigger a manual rescan through the web UI or Provisioning ReST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{page-component-title} will not attempt to rescan the nodes in the requisition unless you trigger a manual rescan through the web UI or Provisioning REST API.
```
